Now one thing you might also have noticed is that if you fill all of that out here and you then submit
this that after submitting this devalues of the pickers aren't cleared.
So if I were to submit this now you will still see all the values I picked down there.
So these two preview images on that screen.
Let me show this to you.
They now create a new place.
We still have the old data in there now to clear this.
When we reset our form we in the end one of buying some extra props on our pickers.
So here on the image picker we can add a new input show preview which by default is false let's say
and we add the exact same thing on the location picker.
Here we also add that show preview thing and input in both components needs to be imported from at Anglo
core and then we can go to our HD him El files and show that image here.
Only if we have a much selected if we're not loading and if show preview is true of course we do then
the image picker as well.
So let me go there and on that image on the if check ad to show preview check.
Now how do we set show preview.
We said it from inside our new offer page there.
We include our pickers of course and these pickers can now receive or should now receive the show preview
property and we bind is basically to a check where we see if an image or allocation was picked.
We of course get this from our forum.
There we have that location control and we check if that has a value and that will be true which if
it is set to something other than now and I add the same logic to the image picker here there I add
my image control which I check.
Now while some on that I will also change the sizes here to six so that this is now really centered.
And now we should have nicely center pickers as well which wasn't everything I noticed.
So let's wait for this to load now and let's first of all see.
Yeah.
This is now centered.
Looks better.
And now let's add it is here.
This is another test with any values you want
select the location and I'll pick it on the map here and of course take a picture.
Here I am.
But I will actually take that from the image picker and take Munich.
And now if I submit this does works and if we now create another new place this is empty again we don't
show the image but now the problem is we also don't show the button reason for data that we didn't clear
our selected image or silhouette or select location.
Now you've got a couple of different options here to solve this.
You could manage these selected image and location outside of these pictures.
So did you just admit any value that was picked and managed to add value then and then you offer page
and pass it back in here as a property or are you at the end you on changes hook and check whenever
show preview changes so that you will clear your selected image there after or what it will do for us
here as well we just have to make sure the button appears when show preview is false.
So here I will add a and Jeff check and show it as if we don't have a selected image or if we don't
have show previews set to true.
So this is a check.
I will now add here and of course also in your location picture on my eye button like this Deford is
reloads and we can enter more dummy data you're with more dummy dates
select the location on a map take a picture I will take the file picture submit.
This looks good.
And now if we go back here we again can pick on the map and so on so these networks again as it did
before.
Here I am.
So this is now the finished front and part of these papers I hope you'll learn a lot about the different
ways of interacting with native API is even in the browser thanks to the P.W. elements and capacitor.
Now of course let's take that image and let's also upload it to a server so that we store it there as
well.